Acts as Freetaggable
====================

**NOTE:
Still in development, please don't use unless you are helping to develop the plugin.**

Acts as Freetaggable (AaF) aims to provide tagging to the models it decorates in a way unlike other tagging plugins provide. Where normal tagging plugins provide tagging in a flat model AaF provides tagging based on a hierarchical model. Take myself as an example:

I belong in the Berkman Institutes hierarchy as an Intern, in a flat model I might be tagged as follows:

    (Berkman) (Intern)

or

    (Berkman Intern)

Add in <tt>(Harvard)</tt> as a parent to Berkman and I'd either need to be tagged, again, or have another tag created to represent that hierarchy.

While this is OK for a few people, once you throw in 10s or 100s more tags and tagged objects things can quickly get out of hand. Drilling down a hierarchy objects need only be tagged once, by their deepest association. After this tagging has been made objects are by hierarchy tagged by all parents.

Should I be tagged by the <tt>(Harvard &rarr; Berkman &rarr; Intern)</tt>'s <tt>(Intern)</tt>
tag I would then be associated with all of <tt>(Intern)</tt>'s parents <tt>(Harvard)</tt> and <tt>(Berkman)</tt>


Other Features:

* before\_filter updating tag\_path
* children and parents helpers, among others
* protect against self as parent
* DB with a solid footing




Using
-----
More once I move to a plugin rather than a rails app for development

Testing
-------
First things first you are going to need a few gems. Hopefully <tt>rake gems:install</tt> will install them. In addition, if you would like to use <tt>autospec</tt> or <tt>autotest</tt> you will need the <tt>ZenTest</tt> gem.

Once you have the gems required migrate the database -- we are just using sqlite3 so this will suffice:

    rake db:migrate

Once you've done that you can run the server with

    script/server or script/console

After you know the server will actually run you can run the tests with 

    spec spec -O spec/spec.opts

I make every attempt to leave every commit passing or pending all tests. Failure is not permitted. As a result if you encounter any errors after a fresh <tt>git pull</tt> then please message me or log an issue in the [github issue tracker](http://github.com/rkneufeld/acts_as_freetaggable/issues "Acts as Freetaggable - Issue Tracker") for the project
